I made some major structural changes to
my income portfolio during the month of
February. I exited Maggie completely.
So, MAGY I trimmed my position in AIPI
and I increased my positions in CHPY and
GDXY with GDXY now becoming my largest
income generator. And the crazy thing is
after all these changes, my projected
income actually went up to right around
$163,000 a year as of the end of
February. So, that number's actually
gone up in March. We'll look at that
next month. So today I'm actually
breaking down everything that went down
in February, what I changed, why I
changed it, and the impact it had on my
income, my growth, and my long-term
durability. So if that's what you're
into, you want to see what my portfolio
looks like, stick around cuz this is the
video for you. Welcome back. Welcome
back. Rio here. Quick disclaimer.
Remember, this is not financial advice.
I'm just walking you through my own
portfolio on the results I saw in
February from real dollars that I depend
on. And before we get into the numbers,
huge shout out to Snowball Analytics. A
lot of the visuals you're going to see
today, the income breakdowns, X-ray
views, distribution calendars, etc., all
came from Snowball. So, if you want a
discount code and a free trial, click on
the link in the description down below.
This is where I track everything, run my
analysis, manage my monthly income, all
that stuff. I've gotten a better hold of
my income monthly until I started using
Snowball. So, highly recommend. So,
looking at my portfolio, this is where
the value is right around now. It's
sitting at around $767,000
with an annual passive income projection
of about $163,000. Basically, right on
target. I wanted to hit $150,000
a year annually by the summertime. So,
I'm ahead of schedule. And this
portfolio pays you roughly $13,610
per month. And that income is what I
live on. So, every allocation change has
to make sense for me because I reinvest
some of this, but also this is what
feeds my family, pays my mortgage, etc.
Okay, let's start with the biggest
decision that I made in February. I
exited Maggie completely. And here's
why. It overlapped heavily with a lot of
my other tech holdings. It added upside,
but it did not add resilience and
durability. It didn't diversify my
premium engine cuz I already was spread
across tech. It amplified volatility in
a part of the market that's already
shaky. So, for me, I want this portfolio
to be durable through any environment,
not just the bull runs. And Maggie had
to go. The next major move was I trimmed
AIPI. Now AIPI still prints strong
income and it's around $14,000 a year
for me. So it's not going anywhere, but
trimming it down just a little bit
helped me to reduce my single fund
exposure. Helped me spread premium risk
across more strategies like commodities,
like gold, things like that, and
increased diversification without losing
yield. And this move was purely about
position sizing and balance across tech
and my other diversified funds. Now,
let's talk about what I added and why.
So, CHPY, I increased this allocation to
roughly around 6%. I know that's a lot,
but now CHPY pays me around $16,000 a
year. But there's a few other things it
gives me. It gives me semiconductor
income exposure. It gives me broader
premium capture. It gives me less
dependency on the MAG 7. And it's giving
me a more stable tech profile than
Maggie. It also pairs really well with
QQQI and SPYI. What I also did was
increase my GDXY allocation. Now, this
is about 11% of my income weight. It's
not my largest holding. QQQI is still my
largest holding, so don't get it
twisted. GDXY, though, is my largest
income generator. So, if you look at my
diversification pie, it shows here that
GDXY was over 25% of my income. Now,
this is the part I want to highlight.
GDXY, like I said, is my largest income
generator. It alone pays me over $41,000
per year based on Snowball Speed. And
that actually in March just off the
first distribution is going to be more
in this year. So why did I increase my
positions in GDXY? Well, it performs
well during volatility as we're seeing
in early March already. It brings
hedge-like exposure through gold miners.
So I'm not as heavy in tech as I've
been. And the premiums have been
incredibly consistent and it diverses me
out of pure tech again. And that's
something that I want to find other ways
to invest in. I'm already in gold the
commodity. I'm in real estate. I'm in
master limited partnerships. So this was
another hedge, another diversification
sector for me. Looking at my holdings,
so this chart gives the clearest
picture. Like I said before, QQQI
remains my largest holding still at just
above 16%, GDXY sits just under 11%, spy
around 10%, feepy around 10%, chippy
around 6 12%, IUI, which is gold around
5 1/2%, real estate around 6.4%, and
then IWMI, which is the Neil Russell
2000 fund, is around 6%. So the shift
for me is pretty obvious. Less tech
concentration, more diversified premium
sources, better hedging outside of tech,
and stronger income stability. All
things that I want to have in a strong
income portfolio. Now, let's look at my
monthly distribution. So the snowball
distribution calendar shows that 163,000
expected over the next 12 months,
putting me at around 13,6 per month. And
this is why I rotate positions the way I
do. Not to chase yield and chase highs,
but to lock in predictable income. And
in this case, to diversify that
predictable income. And in some cases,
and you'll see in next month's review,
we bumped up the income, but still
predictable. Now, here's my updated
income stack according to Snowball also.
So, GDXY pays me about 42,000. QQI about
17.5,000. Chippy around 20,000. FEP
around 20,000. AIPI is around 12,000.
SPYI just under 10. SVAL 7 and a half.
Gold pays me about 54 a year. And then
NIHI, which is international, pays me
around 7,400. And then everything else
rounds out, you know, but that's those
are the bigger payers. And this
portfolio is built to pay consistently
regardless of price movement, what the
market's doing. Volatility actually is a
good thing cuz that increases the
premiums. Let's actually talk about that
volatility. And early in 2026, it has
been rough. We're looking at my February
data, but when we look at March, we'll
see how much more rough it is with the
RN stuff going on. But yeah, 2026 has
been volatile with tech weakness, crypto
volatility, macro uncertainty, rate
confusion, wars, thing, a lot of things
going on, potential tariff refunds,
tariffs being illegal. There's just a
lot going on. And look, I'm not going to
sugarcoat what you all are probably
seeing, the elephant in the room, BTCI,
and it has been a dog this year,
absolutely. But the truth is, I'm still
bullish long-term on Bitcoin. And my
BTCI position came from reallocating my
actual older Bitcoin holdings. So, I
built a lot of those funds from mining
and from early investment in Bitcoin.
And I just moved it over to BTCI so I
can actually harvest income. And I'm
holding on to it because I do believe
Bitcoin's long-term trajectory. And
while I wait, it's going to pay me
around $10,000 a year to kind of hold on
to it. So, I'm okay with that. I'm
collecting yield while the market
figures itself out with Bitcoin. Now,
one thing that I always like to talk
about is my three bucket strategy. So
this is what it looks like now. So
bucket one is the income accelerators.
That's GDXY, Chippy, AIPI, FEP, Bitcoin.
My defensive edge, gold, MLPI, real
estate, Russell 2000, SVAL, and
Treasuries at TLTW. And then my core
investments are QQQY, SPY, and DVO.
Those are my favorites for income
investing. So I'm holding on to those.
And this is the most balanced and
resilient my portfolio has been. And I
don't see huge changes happening after
this. Now, just to reiterate, I didn't
make these changes because I was scared.
I made them because the market
environment is shifting and I want a
portfolio that can survive anything. We
don't know what 2026 is going to hold.
Right now, it's been pretty volatile and
that may continue, but for me, I want to
stay calm and this income investing
portfolio helps me stay calm. And that's
the power of building a portfolio around
cash flow instead of just price. I'm not
going to just look at the capital and my
portfolio value. I'm going to look at
the income that it generates for me. So,
quick note before I close, if you want
to see my full portfolio, I actually
have a print out of this stuff on my
Patreon. And if you want to talk to
myself and others, that's a good place
to check it out. I actually posted this
almost a week and a half ago in the
Patreon community, so you would had a
preview to this video before actually
seeing it here. So, thank you for
watching. If you got value out of this
video, please give it a thumbs up.
Subscribe if you haven't already. It'd
be amazing, amazing, amazing if you
would share it with someone who needs
it. I appreciate each and every one of
you. And if it doesn't challenge you, it
doesn't change you. And as always, messy
action is better than no action. And
I'll see you next time.